feat(gateway): License expiration changes in 3.15 (#5458)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/breaking-changes.md

You may need to adopt different [upgrade paths](/gateway/upgrade/) depending on your
deployment methods, set of features in use, or custom plugins, for example.

## 3.15.x breaking changes

Review the [changelog](/gateway/changelog/#3-15-0-0) for all the changes in this release.

### 3.15.0.0

Breaking changes in the 3.15.0.0 release.

#### License expiration changes

When a license expires, you can no longer change any {{site.base_gateway}} configuration.
The Admin API and all interfaces become read-only until a valid license is applied.

> Existing configuration continues to be used, and all proxy traffic is processed normally.

Reviewer: "Normally might be too vague, did you mean "as before the expiration"?

Author: Yep, that is what I meant. I'll adjust.

> Existing configuration continues to be used, and all proxy traffic is processed normally.

Author: ```suggestion
Existing configuration continues to be used, and all proxy traffic is processed as before the expiration.
```
